1. B 
2. B
3. A
4. B
5. C
6. B
7. B
8. B
9. A
10.B

1. False
2. False
3. True
4. False
5. True

1. RESTful api architecture is simplified a frontend 
to connect with the backend. RESTful api gif the scalability
readeabilty, it stateless so all information that send throught
this api must be usefull, and http can connect easily

2. GET use for get data from the backend or server
    POST use for send data to be save to the server
    PUT use for updating exsisting data in the server
    DELETE use for removing data in the server

3. SPRINGBOOT already have the default configuration to
handle RESTful api

4. request mapping is a a methods to get to the class that we want

5. 200 = response ok to check is the connection is establish
and request can be handled 
201 = created - to send response when a resource is created
400 = bad request-when the request that send cant be handled 
by server
404 = not found - when the request is not in the server
500 = server error - when the server cant be accessed

6. springboot have a default configuration to hanled an input
with methods called validation so the input cant be empty

7. IOC dibuat dengan menggunakan container pada spring, kemudian dilakukan
konfigurasi pada metadata , ketika meta data dipaca oleh aplikasi
kemudian objek akan dibaca

8. request body dilakukan untuk membaca isi dari request kemudian
response body dilakukan untuk mengambil response dari request

9. springboot manage this with api jackson and it will do the task
automatically with the fucntion in the api

10. exception handling prevent a bad request read by api and
error in the server so client will know the error and can generat an
automatically respon error

11. CORS is the security to check the input http methods

12. spring security handel http request so it prevent to get
sensitive data from the server

13. statelessnes make RESTful is more secure and scalable 
because the request must have important information

14. postman use for connect the endpoint and test the http methods
like get and post put and DELETE

15. integration test is testing all the component unit test just
one component
